[Docs] Index of Partials (#17919)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/partials.mdx

---

> title: Index of Partial Files

Reviewer: I think we can add this to the "Contribute" section of the docs. It's useful for anyone who wants to write a docs page to refer to.

> description: For tech writers to easily see what content is available for reuse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: For documentation contributors to easily see what content is available for reuse.
```

layout: tocless-doc
---

> This page indexes the partial files (includes) that are re-used throughout the docs. The include is within the expandable `<Details>` block under each header. Some partials are only referenced but not directly included, because they include local relative links that do not work from the directory path where this index lives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page indexes the partial files (includes) that are re-used throughout the docs. Each include is within the expandable `<Details>` block under each header. 
```

## cloud\/

### cloud\/call-to-action.mdx

<Details title="cloud/call-to-action.mdx">

(!docs/pages/includes/cloud/call-to-action.mdx!)

</Details>

### cloud\/cloudmanagedadvisory.mdx

<Details title="cloud/cloudmanagedadvisory.mdx">

> (!docs/pages/includes/cloud/cloudmanagedadvisory.mdx!)

Reviewer: This one is hidden due to scope—should we add `forScopes` in `config.json` for this page?
